testcase|DONOTREMOVE|testName|linktophoto
asdf|ChIJzy15Rp2j6IgRu8WtHUhwnb8|Starbucks|https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/api/place/photo?maxwidth=500&photo_reference=AUjq9jnvi4a7-wuz8RuT_Kst6hyxmtkpO7CZJ4QPscnKO_3kLL5B3kRCOglUhX4Qy0hgridgeO_f7tZDZprP2G5JU1H7w4x_uwgVroYYlNvaN-j_UcLpgA49wFK0iihAZorBex6WDe97f651_Wf0yJb62BCVu3fxCO23tO1d4Ljf2a9seq0M&key=AIzaSyCug_XiU8cTDBlULG_BXe0UhYMgBkSSd9k
asdf|ChIJu5kBA4Sj6IgRjnomyk5ngJI|Krispy Kreme|https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/api/place/photo?maxwidth=500&photo_reference=AUjq9jk8DxfaYA3GUA1Bj5ufJaD7J257xUbUcFRaQMMSlJJIIupJL0H7zCo5QljaUq7jgfE2eUFCWyUdukCPxlU6aJSrOc74Kwqos5Wzy7r5pHHAFHX-3kS5R1xs5FI533k78lgLMDqFWIaV0aek5Rs9a6_kxHCS0cEslbBQ-tBIqJfCT3GB&key=AIzaSyCug_XiU8cTDBlULG_BXe0UhYMgBkSSd9k
sakara|ChIJ-XytOIKj6IgRro9gmn8G7ok|Pascal's Coffeehouse|https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/api/place/photo?maxwidth=500&photo_reference=AUjq9jmYFWHDa1R5WwryJhNU6Q81FPnNOwZGDxBNLzld0Cnk1J7OJnqs5cp23S0pJyFIz_VmAFd-cd3bjOPotDS2JM1AXkEo02H4YRcIZW5XJTalTMbRloe4BjRT_I7Il3yZjjxm_4_K7KJvdcvyqBTlUt-cKW60NvhE1Wvyjp4ehIDuF9ZF&key=AIzaSyCug_XiU8cTDBlULG_BXe0UhYMgBkSSd9k
sakara|ChIJU66uvIWj6IgR_T3rKgn_tGY|Karma Cream|https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/api/place/photo?maxwidth=500&photo_reference=AUjq9jkeeqbvtvhmbMp3ojZgIT50gXSm9pbng5PLMFquFW0l_peQIm8UFPaeobaQxsnwuX0He4FIGSOSxEvpvS4vl0oP_PSu7R9bb2mxDxEMwEcSJBpWERzinvA4htIkV4x3gnagkJQ5eWrRfSTRUHLcXduX0omshSZZQoaBJFqd9QWyGLdt&key=AIzaSyCug_XiU8cTDBlULG_BXe0UhYMgBkSSd9k
sakara|ChIJidCpQp6j6IgRAdr1q-Sz6xY|Einstein Bros. Bagels|https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/api/place/photo?maxwidth=500&photo_reference=AUjq9jkyRPCAwiJCzzOFSn9-5Lua2pPR4V7qAAf-6ul41L1wPxlLo4vud__XRtCWgnp5wEdGtXAqKMnQoS2jYLmZ3_NnxZLgTc7SKncPm6G5jQABv4cXyi_UluNVz602_Th1yDcd21ZzD7pUX_NZiyMocc3-DWHyl2dP9D6V7SMKKGCMAQ97&key=AIzaSyCug_XiU8cTDBlULG_BXe0UhYMgBkSSd9k
asdf|ChIJTbgFM42j6IgR_PZ-IHnxMb8|Maude's Cafe|https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/api/place/photo?maxwidth=500&photo_reference=AfLeUgOYJ5xrBlLqzoE0XXXe3tpe7zMkvoMfnIPc_bpj435ePxAZO88GUB6p_MBHo7cdCiExb5jhe5znY7pgGVVXNsAwSzUPk3TYl5xhzO6lBk_aA6ThhjLc0REalRwpzsJjacmx2q09yNu3m8HfZVumMyVOKjXkB_hI6he6prxFzRgPAYeK&key=AIzaSyCug_XiU8cTDBlULG_BXe0UhYMgBkSSd9k
asdf|ChIJ7_ZotXSj6IgRwcIuWZQfK8I|Opus Coffee - UF Health Medical Plaza|https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/api/place/photo?maxwidth=500&photo_reference=AUjq9jlb4Q-5yYg0HZb4eVtGpPQzLcNmXbLm0vi_YR1GjwO2QGMyAMcd4-EeQSOCjFbIwUzL5KMEXq5knHg80TFyFFoW_9lh6AtSwCS24RjbRc6LXfZ7maL8qHhF4lviNrhlz7y_84PHcJkrm5NOOrisP_AKJn5Ux4SaEemuu354zMpXHBRL&key=AIzaSyCug_XiU8cTDBlULG_BXe0UhYMgBkSSd9k
asdf|ChIJ7_qnDJ-j6IgREoFuRI9_iiQ|Opus Coffee - UF Health East Tower|https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/api/place/photo?maxwidth=500&photo_reference=AUjq9jkZ6ZvuZMec_B0pku7lUDs7BIwFD313KiZVznMTkLJHkPTdt0DnGOOQ2xwOr55gyy4Kb_h9rBNwf5PH2eUudksbX5TIX3gsssNx7rmoZOHdDgLIn8teP9CIZlu5jKS3zGG43TetBKl8XumZ4TCiVtDrJXjgaVWfu-0d0aqbFb0IkGNg&key=AIzaSyCug_XiU8cTDBlULG_BXe0UhYMgBkSSd9k
karentong|ChIJSY-p-I2j6IgR32n1JzbU0vU|Opus Coffee - Airstream|https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/api/place/photo?maxwidth=500&photo_reference=AUjq9jk2GFMNbQLxd6VhZeSZ4ecVG6Lxnsx2JGAc_b3YKFYDJhmhH8TdztwmbSN9s5qzkK5jr67df-DBdL1ZPo_1UiWroN7io6KtjG26XseJlZag4RFmcAvmkwT3ClLG918X1L1FYiJxOuWp3FE1nclxm_DuFeYqKhHWKhiCu3Cu43PgmqCt&key=AIzaSyCug_XiU8cTDBlULG_BXe0UhYMgBkSSd9k
karentong|ChIJ7_ZotXSj6IgRwcIuWZQfK8I|Opus Coffee - UF Health Medical Plaza|https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/api/place/photo?maxwidth=500&photo_reference=AUjq9jmS1IGte-TNnPlIpb5rXYY2knYlukf2ur1DeSVd0d40JbWMpFQm3m06vQjvA3R7CVP-Cld8hqFt9tjxIfVD7dtB_nQoum_nK7v3RsOTUk2VpqRpyLwcfxy5HcyBBhy62AdD1RK_q-CkWd2GaFJZqHeHf9W5XnE8PCQutnTYK0ZXwhsL&key=AIzaSyCug_XiU8cTDBlULG_BXe0UhYMgBkSSd9k
karentong|ChIJU66uvIWj6IgR_T3rKgn_tGY|Karma Cream|https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/api/place/photo?maxwidth=500&photo_reference=AUjq9jk2EIwz59JwY_UKTLaCu51uiirvxGuGB9D7S2RnLSedIBIoWZh8JGTSk37a64xHda2kLT3MjLWKpDyb8Y79Sc21ZQkjko9rIBgi8ZqY2QDKL8ahJQWMXJZg7imMxk8zOTnp2uASYZEoYNk65sbWPCuXSSoKbM3geXAJiJWmylJ8lu62&key=AIzaSyCug_XiU8cTDBlULG_BXe0UhYMgBkSSd9k
karentong|ChIJ7_qnDJ-j6IgREoFuRI9_iiQ|Opus Coffee - UF Health East Tower|https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/api/place/photo?maxwidth=500&photo_reference=AUjq9jk9nGJ8loW2MkDER6tClOFA8aADRRvFfcMo5XYqH9Gvx6MQ2RgXOeTJGRPlJ75UlZE6r1yN1OoKS4dvwH8f9UdoFQ369p5BcbJXHHak3IGL_bfw0xuY7r4YAlWJrweMsm3LtbUpEKkteU1DW5UBSOO5eguFQUgnpXfeQYeEnWmhH-jG&key=AIzaSyCug_XiU8cTDBlULG_BXe0UhYMgBkSSd9k
karentong|ChIJDYCC-4Kj6IgRVH16Bai3Z0Q|Starbucks|https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/api/place/photo?maxwidth=500&photo_reference=AUjq9jl2oXk7yFOMk3JI6IpdOa1_vZ2IO-Be-f42GKuCIEulyZZ7rsDrx9wFX1R6_Lj1MRVFPTf12G4x4BibGs_viDwp33JDZNg-3JoCttwlF3qdGPLYlTnJhWhkX0DpQTtam00rRstzq3Os2LXEiOh4owO8Hj8TW1-FePhGzQ-BaLTUngXh&key=AIzaSyCug_XiU8cTDBlULG_BXe0UhYMgBkSSd9k
karentong|ChIJL6KGEoSj6IgRu6ygIQ3p2OA|McDonald's|https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/api/place/photo?maxwidth=500&photo_reference=AUjq9jlI1MuljnxU_vwtdw-hHmO4GMOE1pt6LAVp86y-TRrwtffZH4UnGPOvQH9mQvV8_WxZYDzIsOTv_GoYaADy08R_SEHUCbSKauSM840YZfcQ9LNqbk1pMWFzqNtCODkqbUaNx0E30Q0e7954yHOk1DVKEtMdZ7BOlEWaKr7O2abgSpno&key=AIzaSyCug_XiU8cTDBlULG_BXe0UhYMgBkSSd9k
karentong|ChIJf5Y3UYyj6IgRa7CxrOPwTek|Volta Coffee, Tea & Chocolate|https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/api/place/photo?maxwidth=500&photo_reference=AUjq9jkHugLcKUeXeS8r34DWcWS_AyaHxZLq1jIgUCbFj1nrEQKw7tIvuQC33nFU5LenocQ7Ie_HD6UuH-WFOOqpRtYwkM-BvymWa2u0CWx1_sRX7xE-PjrL1ATarDAgGFFJqmUYYbwGgH7uc1yGtP795sFqqb45jxFQjEZ6iujx5q-d03HO&key=AIzaSyCug_XiU8cTDBlULG_BXe0UhYMgBkSSd9k
karentong|ChIJPUGtVGqj6IgR-24esKMADkI|Starbucks|https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/api/place/photo?maxwidth=500&photo_reference=AUjq9jlGJsqJ4G_37UVTGcrn8lq0PG8atG2Za5ao_XPJX4k9r5Fj_oCcZHvqKub4tuBtqvMJbfd9l3GH8ZaitnR4xZ85D_ssN-jeqZBUIJteheJifWfapUGQYiDFJkxZYUrUEfMIFppUzyOleVQDiCWgc-HnEoX_GFcfyOpgPC3syGs7AsG0&key=AIzaSyCug_XiU8cTDBlULG_BXe0UhYMgBkSSd9k
urmom|ChIJU66uvIWj6IgR_T3rKgn_tGY|Karma Cream|https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/api/place/photo?maxwidth=500&photo_reference=AUjq9jnUSRdR9Zry_5nHwlhrM7-HGreXtND0KP6l3KVeiqQY9XDAxxOUfE3i5191hPGdB_DOUI_w3Bpfhoptqq79sph4Nyp8mBcQJF29jxW-AtlwMxx9vJGvdP_9PithwxFAR35gjRq1oyD1GbPcoU8wQ9hiPWNBSixzGpxUcOsDz0qzJNDR&key=AIzaSyCug_XiU8cTDBlULG_BXe0UhYMgBkSSd9k
urmom|ChIJ7_ZotXSj6IgRwcIuWZQfK8I|Opus Coffee - UF Health Medical Plaza|https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/api/place/photo?maxwidth=500&photo_reference=AUjq9jmlfy6AtMhqeZxUJIGYPlGew2kIVQ009QPk5BWL-67DX0hQORAwwnuvYmg7tiMAfbcbZP7yTS6v8blIRVCUoLlvgw6HnxRxaJ01eNOpbopJulLskQGOgJsV2-7IZeQ8t5l7x2v294nRESaAPb-f93UK4r07Bv6YbA8vjrrkPLcuZ9xo&key=AIzaSyCug_XiU8cTDBlULG_BXe0UhYMgBkSSd9k
urmom|ChIJkVxb3Uqj6IgRZzneANZ2dGA|Opus Coffee - Innovation|https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/api/place/photo?maxwidth=500&photo_reference=AUjq9jmUegp-bpbNVl5Ic7ojrlTgyQ7O1jCdhj8k_838lQ3cqrkMGSt7WxLWFml-bOJ-vgKCclIkOxG--Qwtj4iDoJoYuTt1Kp-P-W2QOCtR3Ca2r694_wYvYhp2rDK5uN-FxyWU-DADz8tK16gIKIO_WJdPqE4qeLzhXPmCtJ_cH81B44yd&key=AIzaSyCug_XiU8cTDBlULG_BXe0UhYMgBkSSd9k
urmom|ChIJzy15Rp2j6IgRu8WtHUhwnb8|Starbucks|https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/api/place/photo?maxwidth=500&photo_reference=AUjq9jmdaSs1dGdi6DCHdopQMTBht9Jil6-wUNN3VjJkEiJaoVp-JaaS05EHRYfyPrNtGcESqJ_y25GyM23BIyVgvzf0SMqiztfTxOHVUUBSkIlg_Z-r5u_GascUfyuGg-zNvMOo-Q7bm27OP4omC-UlroB0wZt9xwI-y-ft_UmyFMRHlHQY&key=AIzaSyCug_XiU8cTDBlULG_BXe0UhYMgBkSSd9k
urmom|ChIJidCpQp6j6IgRAdr1q-Sz6xY|Einstein Bros. Bagels|https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/api/place/photo?maxwidth=500&photo_reference=AUjq9jkhGgMeZPnu1JeeNl2MfZTiMEidMnZRExidcBsQFOywh22jKCo2TiQBZE6hqoxUenlK3EbT8A5rcpa7r2j6Tqzud5t_jh1ZV2tA-IYfpUSMVMEmPswrWbpo1PSxqZhmPsdyJFNSqebl-8vUom_RAlpyR3qXcH-HuYpKWWUHK11FMU7N&key=AIzaSyCug_XiU8cTDBlULG_BXe0UhYMgBkSSd9k
urmom|ChIJIT_SaJ6j6IgRFHsUsp1zGYA|Wawa|https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/api/place/photo?maxwidth=500&photo_reference=AUjq9jmW2XUyojnkyAcwKbDoUyceeCREHsA5z7mvLktcsCD-owq4erBZ0j8AK6SzVbfbCmEoILOci2V34GEQ1g6CQjH_RB2aNP5qh3_hIPahqHCMFt6o1vgUE5pnXogwMo4VGHEMD5Fonc8jHqV6ch4g2c8rxj08DAQMo0eEJSf1b5b5IcLf&key=AIzaSyCug_XiU8cTDBlULG_BXe0UhYMgBkSSd9k
urmom|ChIJSY-p-I2j6IgR32n1JzbU0vU|Opus Coffee - Airstream|https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/api/place/photo?maxwidth=500&photo_reference=AUjq9jlPLEpozRhSAJCmQXbVXVNI46mJU3V7nxaZVenbEaO4C_-S4AviCxUj8us0NZlaLEFnihzotGXEBhNCvekhK2vhjDPfwA8eAgkZ-64KoJuwj6qsGCS3PHC-Y0ZO3WvR8rGEXw_duPVS--Zav-0zMRsMCRKqUKv6DS8_-lhlhgHUWGTq&key=AIzaSyCug_XiU8cTDBlULG_BXe0UhYMgBkSSd9k
urmom|ChIJPUGtVGqj6IgR-24esKMADkI|Starbucks|https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/api/place/photo?maxwidth=500&photo_reference=AUjq9jm7hTmhQuSRuFnM8cJ0_8txWdLUvu80GCXpg4fHx3WBb8VjsUIuYo6E5Gul4cg_aBEOfNTJKsXkpeZOxEe3c8s_Td7Yag_AgTBp3uvlhkdEvoCmG7wPr8uPfZt0_moBJnKuU6Z6oJINgLSo7WMh6bxrQlLpyfkkNHXosqyRoPruVtdD&key=AIzaSyCug_XiU8cTDBlULG_BXe0UhYMgBkSSd9k
urmom|ChIJU94bexKj6IgRHlgbasfqkgY|Circle K|https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/api/place/photo?maxwidth=500&photo_reference=AUjq9jlBaoTzSW9z7nHFNAdF8mh7MHk8LqRChG_db8NhTAMb85dLvU1mw5cA1ffMi0ld0McUz6_J-xs9KYXqs4QSsRJr1GcNhsfWdp7B_hb6OZblLCU6do9m23NC67oXb7FnUeoYHJvn1fOYsmh6taWPTJ58hF9YUubn8ae0vNjVRqVDyX88&key=AIzaSyCug_XiU8cTDBlULG_BXe0UhYMgBkSSd9k
urmom|ChIJbQUD8wuj6IgRyb8MaHCOfB8|Einstein Bros. Bagels|https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/api/place/photo?maxwidth=500&photo_reference=AUjq9jmzoClYtbhnBtiRZdOl1aYz3NIEFgFJzBliOM3VzUDjkyshQGXMqMrWDEUiE1tn14E4IQYeP84-zHyN3Z9CUyw0KnJEs5ieaduMAL2ON9EVCURuDURtjZRefKO-IFQmW-3P8DU5nyWFHUKSa3F82HMQvY4_dlsxfsDDBJHhCL2i4RMI&key=AIzaSyCug_XiU8cTDBlULG_BXe0UhYMgBkSSd9k
asdf|ChIJJYgF6Hi96IgRqkUk49wW38U|Le Macaron French Pastries|https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/api/place/photo?maxwidth=500&photo_reference=AUjq9jkSoaBn566cyQ_XHYyf88RhK2s07zhol_yOF6gED7S4HF5RKADz44uFsgi9SNfHbZ--EqOpWHLIp2psV-gGfVBeSvJkqNNZ9_QP7BPvxRZVb8eS0kHkh_O50LuwpVupcNLd2zAihzstR-6jttXOhzm87clHskFjsNEsVfpMGLccb1xE&key=AIzaSyCug_XiU8cTDBlULG_BXe0UhYMgBkSSd9k
asdf|ChIJSY-p-I2j6IgR32n1JzbU0vU|Opus Coffee - Airstream|https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/api/place/photo?maxwidth=500&photo_reference=AUjq9jmV_4TiOyU6liieXDM8707DRsnD0PSrtxASe7gi83PkgX6k5XQ8MbMRjIfFul7-k4jHt-0BYyhUi4jOKpZp8Yif9mruxJXMBjhFnZwsyQmCVUEYkygihLlgo48TpaNiPdXFfrz00wHw7vWee4K0TcTuoxIvUNAyGBDG0K9e1Yvihtl_&key=AIzaSyCug_XiU8cTDBlULG_BXe0UhYMgBkSSd9k
asdf|ChIJo4Ypg2ij6IgRN4okltuybxQ|Frosty Fox Gainesville|https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/api/place/photo?maxwidth=500&photo_reference=AUjq9jlXvU9TTKnq82eGpUd3KAYW1ZlbLWECKF4LLcNe1o-Z_BB7DYEUoeAn4SJ1Mi0BfIrH8h_8lnkJFXsJslAdLpIAZ_E6IAKrNBKDq8nNPm0L2E74YPFwWneGrbBhWTfURgkTulCPJmYbauXm-4Q0sqkGph8sJAzggvCLnfoTt8SVDG7n&key=AIzaSyCug_XiU8cTDBlULG_BXe0UhYMgBkSSd9k
asdf|ChIJ0akqNFFtaYgRZ7krPLDUv9Y|McDonald's|https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/api/place/photo?maxwidth=500&photo_reference=AUjq9jlWuIsG0arWBO-LO6qmeUxoEpymLYu3tASKT0vudoOgIDyqheBonM3z2K_WvkPaIVbZw_K-qde8oNgpXu09lwdCZfifpHXBbpvKSSrY98Tsnudaxq1D_54L2FTmcAITpTsg1SCdkZsx8i88gDz-WcXhWguWSllXHri9hvZWxtWvyHUR&key=AIzaSyCug_XiU8cTDBlULG_BXe0UhYMgBkSSd9k
asdf|ChIJU66uvIWj6IgR_T3rKgn_tGY|Karma Cream|https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/api/place/photo?maxwidth=500&photo_reference=AUjq9jnYEYYYI6_RDOuXHMgpH8ynHP_25HuqeMYN1nbBTaa69Z2Ak5YB4aXVZYsmpaEuGbYEFby-BlVIzXFAwKzqjcPWRlD-Qy0ecTiKb3H0Rtg1u0W8XnFFGNchzgmOnhZAeyST1Jeut-Lje0FcjcWia7UvRIxizckmBDC9Pp9VJecCiHTz&key=AIzaSyCug_XiU8cTDBlULG_BXe0UhYMgBkSSd9k
asdf|ChIJidCpQp6j6IgRAdr1q-Sz6xY|Einstein Bros. Bagels|https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/api/place/photo?maxwidth=500&photo_reference=AUjq9jmCyCsh8HcaxgKSjr8YigNZAlCwWxSFB23H638PcWZCa1q06MLjs2WRf1kBYjyFcTkDGeA0_dGiqQHP_NEFo-PGZ7H0do4GkfSCKcoCd_9TALM45j_7DZc4gHG0jAdnTV_frxbBg7j3UKojOawHODd1EQM-KMnjkepMtwXrbB_dJMu7&key=AIzaSyCug_XiU8cTDBlULG_BXe0UhYMgBkSSd9k
asdf|ChIJi0bNrYO22YgRfG5AXueV8Fc|GreenLife - Brickell, Fl|https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/api/place/photo?maxwidth=500&photo_reference=AUjq9jlT4ndSIHZtd6eFAWSTkRTEq3VH3zW-mh1mMjmRKCEYVvOiev31_ldWERMjhNDZefdnsbXzyqb0EbSrj-PsSkFvy6Rj5ocHccP58hLK7Qw7_5urjCter34kzyE2fii8MPYaAqZ6r2uB5ZffQfQlSG8umOYZDOS9M9Q0KuPYC57gvsKU&key=AIzaSyCug_XiU8cTDBlULG_BXe0UhYMgBkSSd9k
asdf|ChIJrRGrsIC22YgRvIQeCwcrL1I|JOE & THE JUICE|https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/api/place/photo?maxwidth=500&photo_reference=AUjq9jlPLzS6mfJWHcAVxuk_R7PAp1ouPyPASahcdLeU_76zmn6xzjZjxAmkoX1MVkIYSD5v691eWnMp5ZY7_M5vcaXqvseq-YWgGQLaKNHYAjtqxJMSeK3ghteUpnnTBmHyfrnS9tkDXTCZBRw6FN3ShrpDPWzUZmVk1fQRi6Mw-fCbCwYP&key=AIzaSyCug_XiU8cTDBlULG_BXe0UhYMgBkSSd9k
